#22 Updated dependencies (#24)
exasol/bucketfs-document-files-virtual-schema: doc/changes/changes_1.0.0.md

# Virtual Schema for document data on BucketFS 1.0.0, released 2022-09-29

Code name: Upgrade virtual-schema-common-document-files

## Summary

> In this release we upgraded version 7.1.1 of `virtual-schema-common-document-files`, which means that it now uses the new [connection parameter specification](https://github.com/exasol/connection-parameter-specification/blob/main/specification.md). This means you need to update the connection, see the [user guide](https://github.com/exasol/bucketfs-document-files-virtual-schema/blob/main/doc/user_guide/user_guide.md#creating-a-connection) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release upgraded to version 7.1.1 of `virtual-schema-common-document-files` using the new [connection parameter specification](https://github.com/exasol/connection-parameter-specification/blob/main/specification.md). Users of Virtual Schema for document data on BucketFS therefore must update their connection, see the [user guide](https://github.com/exasol/bucketfs-document-files-virtual-schema/blob/main/doc/user_guide/user_guide.md#creating-a-connection) for details.
```

> In previous versions you could configure a base path for the connection. Now the virtual schema only uses bucket `/buckets/bfsdefault`. If you need this configuration, please vote for [issue #25](https://github.com/exasol/bucketfs-document-files-virtual-schema/issues/25).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previous versions of Virtual Schema for document data on BucketFS allowed to configure a base path for the connection while the current release only uses bucket `/buckets/bfsdefault`. If you need this configuration, please vote for [issue #25](https://github.com/exasol/bucketfs-document-files-virtual-schema/issues/25).
```

> We also fixed [sonatype-2022-5401](https://ossindex.sonatype.org/vulnerability/sonatype-2022-5401) in reload4j.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release also fixes [sonatype-2022-5401](https://ossindex.sonatype.org/vulnerability/sonatype-2022-5401) in reload4j.
```
